King Wapol has returned
to save Drum Kingdom.
The only man
who could've saved this kingdom
blew himself up in front of us.
This kingdom is my birthright.
Mine!
And no one
will ever take it from me again.
There is no throne
fit for a king who abandons his people.
You ate a devil fruit.
My body has become like a factory.
Able to consume,
transform, and combine anything I eat
into anything I want.
You're a monster.
I'm not the only monster here,
Dalton.
I'll show you a monster.
Ah, there he is.
My once loyal beast.
Finally, you show me
the respect I deserve.
You command respect from no one!
Where are your soldiers?
Twenty doctors and two halfwits aren't
enough to put you back on your throne.
Don't fret.
My soldiers weren't being mutinous.
They were just digesting.
A desert lily?
So out of place in the snow.
Miss All Sunday.
So you survived Little Garden.
Hmm. But you're still
a long way from your own castle.
You hound us again and again.
You and Baroque Works
have unfinished business.
Isn't it tiresome
being at the beck and call of a sociopath?
It's like any good partnership.
He's got his agenda, and I've got mine.
Sometimes, like now,
they overlap.
I wonder who's right about you.
Him… or me.
You can try and kill me,
but I will not go down without a fight.
That's what intrigues me about you.
You should know that Mr. 0
gave Wapol his very own devil fruit.
The Munch Munch Fruit, to be precise.
And now he's on his way
to reclaim his throne.
Why are you telling me this?
Because I wonder
if you and the Straw Hats can stop him.
This is not a game.
And it is not their fight.
They are just helping.
Come now, Princess.
Like any good leader,
like any strong woman,
you are going to try and shield others
and blame yourself for this.
And I'm here to tell you,
you should.
As you watch your friends die,
do so with the knowledge
that the same fate
shall befall the people of Alabasta.
And it is all your fault.
I almost forgot.
You're going to love
what he did with his army.
Zoro?
Shit.
Usopp! Zoro!
We've got trouble.
King Wapol's returned.
He's heading to the castle.
And he's got a devil fruit.
That would explain the army of monsters
marching towards the village right now.
Where's Dalton?
He went down to investigate.
He hasn't been back.
- Those things must have got him.
- We need to get Luffy.
Dalton told me to protect the town.
It's got to be you, Usopp.
- Ooh…
- No. I'll go.
I've seen what you both are capable of.
The villagers need Captain Usopp
and Mr. Bushido.
- I'll go get Luffy.
- How are you gonna make it in time?
I can help with that.
I figured
something like this would happen.
And since the path is too long to follow
and none of us are as strong as Luffy,
we need a plan B.
Have you tested it yet?
Just finished it, so no.
Okay.
How does it work?
Okay, the launching mechanism is here.
The grappling hook will then
latch onto the cable in the spool here,
and it'll pull you up.
It's not enough to make it in one shot,
so find your footing, reload,
and keep firing until you reach the top.
Okay.
- Hold on!
- How fast will it…
Well done, Princess.
She'll be fine.
Always trying to impress me.
I'm trying to help you.
You're really worried, huh?
I… I'm feeling better, I promise.
Yeah, well, I'll feel better
when you get out of bed.
- How does it taste?
- Mmm.
I've added some more flavor
now you can taste again.
- This is great.
- Yeah.
Zeff taught you well.
Well, you know, the old man
gave me a trick here and there.
Though he'd never hear me say that.
But, um,
I'm self-taught.
Through and through.
Started with my mum.
You would cook with your mom?
Uh, not with her.
For her.
My mum was really sick when I was
growing up. And I was really little.
I just wanted to make her feel better, and
cooking was a way
I could show my love for her.
Didn't start off great.
I used to make her these lunches
with just anything I could find
lying around the kitchen.
Mushy banana amuse-bouche.
Old fish heads with undercooked rice.
It was a real smorgasbord of sick.
And I would march down the hallway,
head held all high.
Nurse's face would turn green
whenever I walked in the room.
But not my mum.
You wouldn't be able to tell she was sick
from the way she looked at me.
Ray of sunshine emanating from that bed.
She'd always go,
"Oh, my little prince,
what have you brought for me today?"
She used to look at the lunchbox…
and she'd just take a bite,
and she'd smile.
Made me feel
like I was really helping, you know?
And then I got better.
Honing my skills, my flavor profiles,
my savory combinations.
But while I was getting better,
she was getting worse.
And every time she'd finish her lunch,
I'd hug her so tight
it probably took her breath away.
And then came the day where
I didn't have to make any more lunches.
So…
every meal I make…
I'm making for her.
Sanji, I…
- I…
- Hey, you guys!
Vivi's here!
Huh.
That's why I'm here.
Wapol won't be far behind.
Surprised a scrawny thing like you
managed to get all the way up here.
It's what needed to be done.
That's our Vivi.
So this king guy is coming after us.
And now he has devil fruit powers?
I guess those Baroque Works agents
really weren't kidding
when they said they wouldn't leave us be.
Okay.
I'll kick his ass.
Hmm.
We need to get down the mountain
and help the others.
Oh yeah.
We're going down the mountain, all right,
but not for a fight.
We're going back into hiding.
You're running away?
Just use your witch magic powers
and fight.
You want to rumble?
Good on you.
I watched Wapol
terrorize this country for years.
He was a piece of shit before.
Now he has a devil fruit?
I'm not sticking around
to see what new horrors he brings.
Pack up quick, Chopper.
We'll take one of the secret passageways.
We can't leave.
If there's gonna be a battle,
people are gonna get hurt.
We have to stay and help them.
Help them?
The people that called you a monster.
The people who shot at you.
You want to help them?
Yes, because that's what a doctor does.
Have fun dying, kid.
Okay. And we're going to get Nami.
Is she… she doing better?
All thanks to this little guy right here.
Well, almost.
Her treatment isn't finished.
I can transfer her to a walking IV
so we can move her.
All right! Then let's go back
down the mountain.
You good with that, Vivi?
I'll be fine. I'll warm myself up
while you get Nami sorted.
- All right, Chopper. Let's go.
- Right!
We'll hold them off.
Take what you need
and find a safe place to shelter.
This way. Hurry. Hurry up.
- Here.
- Come on.
Hurry!
Maybe I should go with them.
In case they need my protection, you know?
What's an army of monsters
to the hero of Little Garden?
Not my problem.
Ah.
Hey!
Where do you think you're going?
To fight.
Huh. What a hero.
I'm sure the townsfolk will be thrilled
to have a shuffling corpse arrive
just in time to die alongside them.
When does a man die?
You don't get to say those words.
His blood is on your hands,
and I will not let you tarnish his memory.
This country is sick.
You and I both know that.
Dr. Hiriluk knew it too.
He wanted to heal this land,
and I let him die.
For that, I am truly sorry.
But I cannot make the same mistake again.
I can't let anyone else die
because of that tyrant Wapol.
This is our last chance to be free of him.
If we don't stand up now,
we will forever be under his heel.
I'm gonna fight,
whatever the cost,
with or without your help.
Screw it.
You overdid it.
I'll bill you later.
We have to hurry.
Wapol could be at the village by now.
- What's this?
- I grabbed all the food I could find.
No sense letting it go to waste here.
Is this Nami's coat?
Yeah. You reminded me
of how cold it is outside.
I couldn't find mine,
so I'm borrowing hers.
She is going to kill you if you damage it.
Relax. What's gonna happen?
Well, well, well.
Princess Vivi
of Alabasta.
Who's this guy?
Wapol.
King Wapol!
And captain of the Bliking Pirates.
And I have returned to claim what is mine!
You've pissed off
a lot of powerful people, Princess.
What the hell is he doing?
Stretching.
With everything you're saying,
it sounds like
we're gonna get into a fight.
You don't wanna fight me, punk.
I eat pretzel sticks like you
for breakfast!
Well…
…then let's hope you're hungry.
Luffy, wait.
It's my turn.
Your turn for what, exactly?
You're still the same scared little girl
from all those years ago.
No fight.
No bravery.
And it's that lack of a spine
that's gonna get you killed
and anyone else who stands in my way
because that, dear Princess,
is the sign of a true
king!
Something your fool of a father
never understood.
A king is but a man.
And a crown, it's just a hat.
The suffering of your people
shows you know nothing
about what it means to lead.
My father does.
Baroque Works will not break him.
And you will not break me.
There is a time for diplomacy.
But now,
it's a time for action.
And I, Nefertari Vivi,
daughter of Nefertari Cobra,
am no coward!
Well,
if it's action you want, Princess…
allow me to oblige!
Aah!
Nice speech, Vivi.
Now's my turn.
Looks like it's just you and me.
Not quite.
Wapol may have taken our army,
but that doesn't mean we're helpless.
He didn't just take your army.
He ate your army.
And he spit 'em back out looking like--
Monsters.
Nothing a sword can't fix.
Take cover!
No!
Hey, ugly!
Sure Kill Firestar!
Maybe he didn't hear me say "Sure Kill."
- These guys won't go down!
- Gotta keep fighting until they do.
Wapol's back!
We're gonna get you out of here.
What's going on? Is Vivi okay?
- She's fine. We're gonna take you to her.
- Keep her still. I have to change her IV.
- You're gonna bruise her!
- You guys!
- Which of us is a doctor?
- Did you say doctor or dinner?
Stop being so stubborn
and let me do my job!
Sanji, I think you should listen to him.
- Oh shit.
- What the hell is that thing?
Whatever it is,
let's kill it and find the doctor.
What the hell is going on?
Baroque Works sent
a super-powered king after us.
And those are his henchmen.
But it's okay 'cause we're not gonna
let them get to you or anyone else.
You stay here.
Keep your head down and your IV in.
All right, Chopper. Time to be monsters.
Yeah!
Ah!
- Whoa!
- Ah!
Whoa!
Oh man.
Hopefully, Nami won't notice.
Can you take this seriously?!
I'm trying to kill you!
You'll pay for that!
Snow Splitter!
Did he just rip his hair out?
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay.
What the hell is this?
The static cling from my Afro
makes it super-adhesive.
Get it off me!
So much for your fancy footwork.
These guys are unstoppable!
- Thought you were the Lord of Destruction.
- Yeah, and we're getting destroyed!
Dalton!
He's got a devil fruit?
Does everybody have devil fruits now?
Let's see what a devil fruit user
tastes like.
Chopper, I could use
a little bit of help over here!
I'm a little busy myself right now!
Not for long, you freak.
My name is Tony Tony Chopper,
a name given to me
by the world's greatest doctor.
And be
gone!
Huh?
It's time you shut the hell up.
Sanji!
What? Get off me!
What do you mean?
You're the one stuck to me!
- Let go of my leg!
- Would you stay still for a second?
It's the wrong leg, dumbass!
- Not helping!
- Neither are you!
Ah, your teamwork is pathetic!
Unlike me and my partner.
Oh shit.
Aah!
Ah.
Now then.
Party Table Kick Course!
Aah!
- Now that is what I call teamwork.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
- Um, guys?
- Nami.
Nami!
Aah!
Go!
Didn't know if you were coming back.
The people of Drum
are the heart of this country,
and I will not stop fighting
to protect them.
Careful. You're starting
to sound like a leader.
- It's the witch!
- Yeah.
Now watch me work some magic.
Luffy?
Vivi!
- Sanji! Nami! You missed it.
- Nami, you're okay!
I'm glad you're okay.
He defeated Wapol?
Luffy, is that my coat?
Is that Chopper?
Whoa.
How dare you?!
Drum Kingdom is a member
of the World Government.
Attacking me is an international crime!
That kind of stuff
doesn't matter to a pirate.
You'd know that if you really were one.
Enough!
I'm gonna blast you all to smithereens.
Starting with that eyesore
of a pirate flag!
No!
Luffy.
No.
He's even dumber than I thought.
Giving up his life
for some silly,
meaningless scrap of fabric.
Shows what you know,
big mouth.
The skull and crossbones
isn't flown lightly.
It's an unbreakable symbol.
A symbol… of conviction.
But how?
That was a direct hit!
This flag
isn't something to be mocked!
Or shot at!
Isn't that right, Chopper?
That's right.
Now stand back while I finish this guy.
If a cannon won't kill you,
I have other weapons I can use.
So that's a pirate.
There's no pirate like Luffy.
Zoro! We can't hold them off much longer.
We have to help him.
I got you!
Aah!
Ah!
Zoro!
I'm out!
I let him down in Loguetown.
Never again. Luffy!
Gum Gum…
- Air Assault!
- Yeah!
- Hmm!
That's my boy! Whoo!
Luffy, you did it.
Doctor…
the kingdom is saved.
We're gonna be okay.
We're gonna be good, everybody.
We got it.
Classic Straw Hat situation right now.
Someone's in good spirits.
Keep it up.
When we start working on those wounds,
well, you may not be smiling much longer.
Is it over?
Oh no.
It's just beginning.
Hey!
Now let's get those chains off you.
Tend to the injured.
Put those skills to work.
Now move!
All right. Let's get to it.
- Convenient, isn't it?
- Mmm.
I could've climbed it. I was
actually looking forward to climbing it.
I'm a bit of a mountain goat,
the way I navigate a… mountain trail.
Whoa.
Usopp! Zoro!
Hey, you guys made it!
Thank goodness you're all all right.
No big deal. Just fought some monsters.
Where's Nami?
Nami, you're okay!
Yeah, I'm fine.
Finally, I don't feel like death anymore.
You're welcome.
Is that my coat?
Add it to my bill.
What kept you? What were you guys
doing up here all this time?
Kicking the king's butt.
That young man defeated Wapol?
Well, I'll be damned.
What of his two lieutenants?
Sanji and Chopper took care of them.
Piece of cake, to be honest.
Who's Chopper?
Him!
Uh… uh…
Whoa!
It's Hiriluk's son.
Mm-mm.
Thank you.
All of you.
Because you fought for us,
this kingdom can be born again.
Consider your bill paid in full.
The people will have their leader.
Come on out, reindeer.
Come with us.
What? What do you mean?
Let's go be pirates together.
I would love to be a pirate with you all,
but I can't.
What do you mean "can't"?
You saved my life.
We're going to need a doctor,
given how much trouble we get into.
Your transformations are so cool. They'll
be really useful in the battles to come.
Stop!
I'm very grateful to you all
for being so nice to me
and everything you've done, but
I'm a reindeer.
I have hooves and antlers and a blue nose.
I'm not a human like the rest of you.
I could never be part of your group.
It's impossible! It's--
Just shut up and come with us!
That'll get him to join.
Okay. I'll join you.
Yeah!
I'll meet you outside.
There's something I have to do first.
Doctorine!
I need to talk to you.
Finally, my assistant shows up.
You sure did a number around here.
You're gonna be out foraging
to replace any medicine you damaged.
Doctorine, I'm leaving.
Well, yeah. I just told you that
you're going to be out foraging for any--
I'm leaving with them.
I'm gonna be their ship's doctor
and sail around the world with them.
You ungrateful little shit.
After all I've done for you…
Given you a home,
taught you medicine.
And I'm very grateful for all you've done.
But I have to chase my dreams.
You?
A little crybaby reindeer
is gonna be a pirate?
You will never survive out on the seas.
That may be true about me,
but I'm also a man,
and I have dreams of my own.
And I won't be sailing alone.
I have my friends.
You… you can't stop me!
So you're gonna leave
to follow your silly little dreams.
Just like that old quack.
You're gonna end up just like him.
Come back here!
- Oh!
- Whoo!
Here I come! Here I come!
What's taking him so long?
Okay, my turn.
Can't be easy, you know?
Leaving home for the first time.
Oh!
Whoo!
What is that?
Whoa.
Everybody, get in. We're going
down the mountain and out to sea!
Another Chopper?!
I get the back seat!
Ooh-ee!
Luffy!
Aah!
Whoa.
Welcome aboard, Doctor.
My very first pirate ship.
Come on! Come on! It's time to head off!
Let's go!
Hmm.
I know what it feels like.
Leaving home.
But you don't have to be nervous.
You're a Straw Hat now.
Hmm.
The Going Merry is your home.
And we got your back.
Always.
Oh crap! I left my backpack
with all my supplies behind.
You mean this?
It was on the sleigh.
But I didn't…
Doctorine.
She must've known.
Mmm.
What are those?
It's a secret.
You found what I need.
Found one in the armory.
What do you need this for?
I don't like tearful goodbyes.
Hiriluk had a very particular idea
of how to cure this country.
In the end, he figured out how,
but he never got to do it himself.
Raise it up.
Doctor, what is this?
Just watch.
Let's find out if he was right.
It's so… beautiful.
It's snow, but… it looks like…
Cherry blossoms.
Turn on the spotlights.
Once people lose hope,
they give in to fear.
We need to give them their hope back.
The powerful emotion
he experienced from looking
at cherry blossoms
had healed him.
Nothing is impossible.
We never, ever give up.
Go on, you foolish boy.
If a man can bring cherry blossoms
to this frozen land,
then maybe a reindeer can be a pirate.
What wonder fools are capable of.
It's fools that have saved this place.
Not just Dr. Hiriluk.
Monkey D. Luffy.
He is a special young man.
Perhaps he will be the one
to find the One Piece.
He does share certain traits with
Gol D. Roger.
Gol D.?
You mean Gold Roger.
Is that what he's known by these days?
Our reindeer has hitched his wagon
to a very interesting one indeed.
The Will of D. lives on.
Cheers.
All right, everyone.
Let's give a warm welcome
to our new ship's doctor.
Tony Tony Chopper!
Chopper!
Chopper, Chopper, check this out!
Yeah!
Aah!
Still got that dinosaur I killed?
I never had one,
seeing as you never killed any.
Yeah!
This is the most fun I've ever had.
Can I try the knife thing?
Too much for you? I thought
you'd be used to our antics by now.
No, no, it's just…
- Want a beer?
- I prefer hot chocolate.
I'm gonna miss this.
Miss this?
Where are you going?
Well, when we get to Alabasta,
we'll be going our separate ways.
You'll drop me off
and continue on towards the One Piece.
Yeah.
We are going to find the One Piece.
But not until after we help you
defeat those Baroque Works guys
and save your kingdom.
You'd really do that?
Did you think
we were just gonna leave you?
Like I said, I thought
you'd be used to our antics by now.
You're one of us too.
And friends help each other.
Dummy.
I never should've doubted it.
I appreciate you all.
If you're going to help me,
there's something you need to know.
What I went undercover to find out,
and what Igaram lost his life to discover.
Is that how you speak to your superior?
My apologies, Mr. 0.
The Marines have become aware
of our movements.
Dispatch the Unluckies. Clean up the mess.
The Straw Hat Pirates
taking Princess Vivi…
Vivi, the missing princess of Alabasta.
I recognize one of those voices.
A Straw Hat.
- But the other--
- Mr. 0. He's the leader of Baroque Works.
We uncovered
their most closely guarded secret.
Mr. 0's true identity.
To even know this recording existed,
Mr. 0 must be someone with information.
Connections.
And Garp doesn't want Mr. 0's identity
known until he has proof.
Even the accusation could rock
the foundations of the Marines.
If we are going to take this fight
to Baroque Works,
you'll need to know
who you're truly up against.
Baroque Works,
Straw Hats…
Everything's pointing to Alabasta.
So that's where we're going.
Mr. 11 and Miss Thursday
confirmed the destruction
of the intercepted transmission.
Good. Any update
as to the identity of this Mr. Prince?
Not yet.
We'll find him.
And what of the good King Wapol?
Out of the picture.
Even with your generous gift, he failed.
We got what we needed from him.
His royal treasury will go a long way
towards furthering our cause.
Don't you mean your cause?
Come now.
What's good for me
is good for you.
For all of us.
I've called the officer agents
to gather in Alabasta.
They should prove more effective
than the others.
I'm getting tired
of cleaning up lower agents' messes.
Ever so droll, Nico Robin.
I've told you not to call me by that name.
Relax.
Everything we've worked for
will soon come to fruition.
We commence with Operation Utopia.
Alabasta will fall.
And I will come one step closer
to obtaining the One Piece.
I braved through the frost
Of the vast unknown
I kept my heart safe
On a glacier's throne
The forest's my friend
And the cold's my cloak
I wandered a monster, I walked alone
You carved me a name
From the silent wind
Unbottled the hope from a doctor's kit
With a word I could cradle
A word now mine to own
I'm no monster, I'm meant to fit
Tony Tony Tony Chopper
Heal what fell apart
Cure my broken heart
Am I enough?
Tony Tony Tony Chopper
If I'm not whole, how can I be loved?
I bottled up secrets I can't admit
I locked up my pain in a tiny kit
Then melting a frost
'Round a frozen soul
My crew showed
My heart's finally meant to fit
Dreams of adventure
I've longed to find
I tore down the fortress
Where those dreams were confined
And in one precious instant
The world's alive in colors
The wind shall be my true guide
Tony Tony Tony Chopper
Heal what fell apart
Cure my broken heart
Am I enough?
Tony Tony Tony Chopper
If I'm not whole, how can I be loved?
- Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony
- Tony Chopper
I can feel the world unfold
Story's yet untold
Onward, ever bold, I sail
- Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony
- Tony Chopper
I am stronger than before
Rise above and soar
Tony Tony Tony Chopper
Heal what fell apart
Cure my broken heart
Am I enough?
- Yes, I am
- Tony Tony Tony Chopper
- I'm enough
If I'm not whole, how can I be loved?
Tony Tony Tony Chopper
Heal what fell apart
Cure my broken heart
- Am I enough?
- Yes, I am
If I'm not whole, how can I be
Loved?